Abby Marazita
Combination of Intro and Reflection

My project will be depicting a food desert, where I will try and inform people about this issue and what they can do to help. A food desert is a place that is far away from any fresh produce and grocery stores. It is so important to have access to healthy and fresh food because artificial food increases chances of heart disease, poor nutrition, and other health issues. My visual argument will be focusing on visual punning, as a food desert isn't actually a desert full of food. I'm trying to play on these words to raise awareness of the issue. I try to include elements like contrast by having the bare yellow background, and then having the pieces of junk food and the cactus to draw attention to those two things. Then, I make sure the cactus is in the middle of the image to create balance, as the cactus is leaning each way equally.

This project was incredibly fun to produce because of how literal my image is. It is literally a desert of fried food, with fresh food only miles and miles away. I tried to make the message as simple and silly as possible by including the background of a desert and having many images of fried food laying in the desert. By makin it silly, I wanted to try and create the visual punning effect to try and more deeply reach the audience members. I tried to align the cactus in the middle to emohasize it and the signs it was holding. The signs mention that fresh food and farmers markets are far away, which shows that there are no options except for the fried food. If I'm not mistaken, there are parts of Pittsburgh that are considered food deserts, so I think that this message is important for people within food deserts and people who have never been exposed to a food desert. This poster is mainly educational and I ultimately wanted people to become mroe aware of the issue and understand that it is a current issue for people around them. I wanted the visual argument's contrast of the green cactus to the dry yellow desert to emphasize the hopelessness of the desert, whereas the fresh cactus has potential with the signs to fresh food. 
